Practice7=>
1. Create an input type to enter a number.
2. Create a button and execute enterNum() function on clicking button.
3. In enterNum function get the value of input field which we enter and call square() function and as a argument  pass the value  of input field and display function.
4. display function is a callback function which is call in square() after the calculation and
5. display() print the result by getting result through callback function as argument.

Practice9=>
1. Create an input type to enter the value.
2. Create a button and return myfunc() function on clicking button.
3. In myfunc() get the value of input field in a variable (str).
4. Pass this value to a new function  promisefunc(str) as argument.
5. apply .then and .catch to  promisefunc() whie calling.
6. In  promisefunc() return a new primise and apply a setTimeout() for 500ms and execute an arrow function.
7. In arrow function take a regular expression and if input string match with regx than reverse the string and call resolve() pass reverse string.
8. If input string does not match with regx than call resolve() and pass 'wrong input' as an argument.
9. If promise is resolved than 'then' will execute and if it is rejected than 'catch' will execute, and
10. display() print the result.

Assignment1=>
1. Create a form with fields id,name,age,gender,email,location,designation,salary,date of joining,mobile number.
2. Create a button.
3. On each input field give an id and apply an individual onblur function and pass the value of input field to it.
4. for each input field take a blank span tag with some 'id' for dispaying error msg. 
4. for id field return idValidation() onblur function.
5. In this function get the value of input field by using 'id'.
6. Take a regular expression for id. and
7. If the input field is not blank and id match with regular expression than the input field border will be green.
8. If the input field is blank or id does't match with regular expression than the input field border will be red and an error message will be shown.
9. Similarly for name, age, designation,mobile number etc.
10. For location take a dropdown.

Assignment2=>
1. Take a button and return clock() function by clicking on button.
2. In clock() function take a reference variable mytimer for setInterval() function and a vriable 'c' for storing the ms value of 3hr.
3. In setInterval() pass a callback function myClock() and 1000ms.
4. in myClock() function find out the hr,min and sec of ms value of 3hr and pring this.
5. Perform --c.
6. If (c==0) clear the inteval by calling clearInterval(mytimer) function.



M3 Practice1=>
1. Take an input field for entering radius of circle.
2. Take a button and return func() function by clicking on button.
3. Inside func() get the value of input field(redius).
4. Create a function expression with name=getarea and return the area of circle.
5. Print area by calling getarea();

M3 ractice2=>
1. Create two input field for entering height and width of rectangle.
2. Create a button and return myfunc() function by clicking on button.
3. Get the value of hight and width in myfunc().
4. Create a consructor with name=Area() and pass height and width  and constructor will automatically call when we create it.
5. Inside area function perform all calculation and print the result.






